[SSL] Update ca-faq.mdx (#23669)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ssl/edge-certificates/troubleshooting/ca-faq.mdx

When [ordering an advanced certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/manage-certificates/), you can choose the CA through the UI or API.

[Total TLS](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/total-tls/) allows you to get full certificate coverage. When enabling Total TLS, you can choose the CA that will be used for all Total TLS certificates.

## Renewal

> ### Error when clicking `Approve Certificate` on a *Certificate Approval* renewal email
> 
> The full error message is:
> `An error occured while attempting to validate your domain. Please try aagin later of contact support for assistance.`
> 
> Please check the status of the certificate in the [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/:zone/ssl-tls): if the status is `Active`, you can disregard this email and the error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error when clicking `Approve Certificate` on a Certificate Approval renewal email

The full error message is: `An error occurred while attempting to validate your domain. Please try again later or contact support for assistance.`

Check the status of the certificate on the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/:zone/ssl-tls). If the status is `Active`, you can disregard this email and the error message.
```
